Amazon ECR
This plugin generates Docker authentication token from Amazon Credentials to access Amazon ECR.

Amazon Web Services SDK :: EC2
EC2 module for the AWS SDK for Java.

Amazon Web Services SDK :: ECR
ECR module for the AWS SDK for Java.

Amazon Web Services SDK :: Minimal
Minimal modules for the AWS SDK for Java.

CloudBees AWS Credentials Plugin
Allows storing Amazon IAM credentials within the Jenkins Credentials API. Store Amazon IAM access keys (AWSAccessKeyId and AWSSecretKey) within the Jenkins Credentials API. Also support IAM Roles and IAM MFA Token.

CloudBees Docker Build and Publish plugin
This plugin enables building Dockerfile based projects, as well as publishing of the built images/repos to the docker registry.

Credentials
This plugin allows you to store credentials in Jenkins.

Credentials Binding Plugin
Allows credentials to be bound to environment variables for use from miscellaneous build steps.

Docker API
This plugin provides docker-java API for other plugins.

Docker Commons
Provides the common shared functionality for various Docker-related plugins.

Docker Pipeline
Build and use Docker containers from pipelines.

Git client
Utility plugin for Git support in Jenkins

Git plugin
This plugin integrates Git with Jenkins.

GitHub
This plugin integrates GitHub to Jenkins.

GitHub API
This plugin provides GitHub API for other plugins

GitHub Branch Source
Multibranch projects and organization folders from GitHub. Maintained by CloudBees, Inc.

Gradle
This plugin allows Jenkins to invoke Gradle build scripts directly.

Pipeline
A suite of plugins that lets you orchestrate automation, simple or complex. See Pipeline as Code with Jenkins for more details.

Pipeline Graph Analysis
Provides a REST API to access pipeline and pipeline run data.

Pipeline: API
Plugin that defines Pipeline API.

Pipeline: Basic Steps
Commonly used steps for Pipelines.

Pipeline: Build Step
Adds the Pipeline step build to trigger builds of other jobs.

Pipeline: Declarative
An opinionated, declarative Pipeline.

Pipeline: Declarative Extension Points API
APIs for extension points used in Declarative Pipelines.

Pipeline: GitHub Groovy Libraries
Allows Pipeline Groovy libraries to be loaded on the fly from GitHub.

Pipeline: Groovy
Pipeline execution engine based on continuation passing style transformation of Groovy scripts.

Pipeline: Groovy Libraries
Libraries for Pipeline scripts allowing logic to be shared across jobs.

Pipeline: Input Step
Adds the Pipeline step input to wait for human input or approval.

Pipeline: Job
Defines a new job type for pipelines and provides their generic user interface.

Pipeline: Milestone Step
Plugin that provides the milestone step

Pipeline: Model API
Model API for Declarative Pipeline.

Pipeline: Multibranch
Enhances Pipeline plugin to handle branches better by automatically grouping builds from different branches.

Pipeline: Nodes and Processes
Pipeline steps locking agents and workspaces, and running external processes that may survive a Jenkins restart or agent reconnection.

Pipeline: REST API
Provides a REST API to access pipeline and pipeline run data.

Pipeline: SCM Step
Adds a Pipeline step to check out or update working sources from various SCMs (version control).

Pipeline: Stage Step
Adds the Pipeline step stage to delineate portions of a build.

Pipeline: Stage Tags Metadata
Library plugin for Pipeline stage tag metadata.

Pipeline: Stage View
Pipeline Stage View Plugin.

Pipeline: Step API
API for asynchronous build step primitive.

Pipeline: Supporting APIs
Common utility implementations to build Pipeline Plugin

Plain Credentials
Allows use of plain strings and files as credentials.

Prisma Cloud Plugin
This plugin integrates with Prisma Cloud to scan created Docker images and serverless functions for CIS compliance and vulnerabilities assessment

SCM API Plugin
This plugin provides a new enhanced API for interacting with SCM systems.

SSH Build Agents
Allows to launch agents over SSH, using a Java implementation of the SSH protocol.

SSH Credentials Plugin
Allows storage of SSH credentials in Jenkins

SSH server
Adds SSH server functionality to Jenkins, exposing CLI commands through it.n

Terraform Plugin
This plugin provides a build wrapper for Terraform to launch and destroy infrastructure.

Timestamper
Adds timestamps to the Console Output

